[Music]
I'm just trying to work this thing out
president gave me a job to do damn it
Clint what do we tell you no more troops
don't ask for more troops what do you do
you ask for 14 hanging on deck you
cutting out I can't hear you can you
hear me I can hear you okay something's
wrong Hey
all right can you hear us now I can't
hear you
okay where you saying no no I'll talk to
you later do we need to finish all I
need you're here to clean up a mess this
one is a [ __ ] right nothing about war
is easy bad
I come here to manage this war and I
sure as [ __ ] didn't come here close it
out come here win
mr. president I you need to behave like
a leader but I am behaving like I do
this I'm unavailable this country will
fight at night that country won't fight
in the snow we cannot help them and kill
them at the same time it just ain't
humanly possible you think the Americans
call us [ __ ] all day
miss considering our culture a very bad
thing to [ __ ] your mother all right
in our - in our serve you gotta get me
some traction you need cut through
exactly me - get me some goddamn cut
through
you out every notice this difference for
Afghanistan and you've got the gall to
kick the only Afghan in the room off my
goddamn table boss I'm pretty sure the
Afghan ambassador here is from
Afghanistan men are imperfect creatures
left to their own devices all they
really want to do is play with their
dicks and eat chicken man we need to be
like let me come with you yeah okay I'll
come we go way up
I'll go home with y'all what did I do we
are here to build protect to support the
civilian population that end you must
avoid killing it at all costs we can't
help them and kill them at the same time
it just a humanly possible now this Wars
been running eight years now given your
reputation and your from it'll drive our
hope is that you're the man who will get
the job done
most of us here will know general
McMahon's the man takes out Haider an
attack your wall talk your true
supporters move the NIEM a little bit
show everyone a nice look at Telegraph's
just finished respecting the law school
can stay in Afghanistan forever that's
why I'm gonna win it
my team and I are about to embark on a
new direction
what is this mutilation we build
Afghanistan
to a free and prosperous nation or a
mouthful can reflect some of the voters
like the old direction
I come here manage this war not sure as
[ __ ] didn't come here close it out
it's my job to ensure that your personal
ambitions are kept in check to me that
we are here with our guns trying to
convince these peoples we're going to
nice guy and easy weapon was incorrect
you're not here to win you're here to
clean up the mess for the times they are
a-changin
[Music]
bleh